Smooth Fiery Yak

high

# Voting Incompatibility with gOHM Contract

## Summary
The voting system in intended to interact with the `gohm` contract. However, a critical issue arises due to a mismatch in expectations between the two contracts. The `castVoteInternal` function attempts to retrieve the current votes of a user by calling `gohm.getPriorVotes(voter, block.number)`. The `gohm` contract, designed to prevent misinformation, reverts if the queried block number is not yet finalized (i.e., if `blockNumber` is equal to or greater than `block.number`). Consequently, this design leads to an inherent conflict, rendering the voting system dysfunctional as every voting attempt will inevitably revert.

## Vulnerability Detail
The primary issue lies in the interaction between the following functions:

1. **`castVoteInternal` in `GovernorBravoDelegate` Contract:**
   - This function fetches the number of votes a voter had at the proposal's start block and at the time of voting. 
   - [Relevant Line](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-olympus-on-chain-governance/blob/main/bophades/src/external/governance/GovernorBravoDelegate.sol#L446): `uint256 currentVotes = gohm.getPriorVotes(voter, block.number);`

2. **`getPriorVotes` in gOHM Contract:**
   - Designed to prevent misinformation by ensuring only finalized blocks are queried for vote counts.
   - Enforces this through the requirement. [Relevant Line](https://etherscan.io/token/0x0ab87046fBb341D058F17CBC4c1133F25a20a52f#code#L703): `require(blockNumber < block.number, "gOHM::getPriorVotes: not yet determined");`
   - This leads to a logical conflict when `castVoteInternal` queries for the current block number.

## Impact
The flaw effectively paralyzes the voting system. Users are unable to cast votes, rendering key governance mechanisms inoperative.

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-olympus-on-chain-governance/blob/main/bophades/src/external/governance/GovernorBravoDelegate.sol#L446
- https://etherscan.io/token/0x0ab87046fBb341D058F17CBC4c1133F25a20a52f#code#L703

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To resolve this incompatibility, the `castVoteInternal` function should be modified to use `block.number - 1` when invoking `gohm.getPriorVotes()`. This ensures that the block number passed is always finalized, aligning with the gOHM contract's requirements and restoring functionality to the voting process.

```solidity
function castVoteInternal(
    address voter,
    uint256 proposalId,
    uint8 support
) internal returns (uint256) {
    // ... [existing code] ...

    uint256 originalVotes = gohm.getPriorVotes(voter, proposal.startBlock);
    uint256 currentVotes = gohm.getPriorVotes(voter, block.number - 1);
    uint256 votes = currentVotes > originalVotes ? originalVotes : currentVotes;

    // ... [remaining code] ...
}
```