High Magenta Porcupine

medium

# Redundant Initialization Logic To Setup First Admin

## Summary

The [Timelock contract](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-olympus-on-chain-governance/blob/main/bophades/src/external/governance/Timelock.sol) initializes the admin address in the constructor and redundantly allows it to be set again using the setFirstAdmin function. This redundancy could create confusion and a potential security risk.

## Vulnerability Detail

Although the initial admin is set in the constructor, the contract also includes a setFirstAdmin function to set the admin again. This function is intended to be used only once and can be called by the current admin. However, its existence introduces unnecessary complexity and potential confusion about the initialization process.

## Impact

The redundant setFirstAdmin function could be misused if the current admin unintentionally or maliciously calls it, potentially changing the admin address unexpectedly. This could lead to administrative control being transferred without a clear governance process.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-olympus-on-chain-governance/blob/main/bophades/src/external/governance/Timelock.sol#L65-#L79

```solidity

constructor(address admin_, uint256 delay_) {
    if (delay_ < MINIMUM_DELAY || delay_ > MAXIMUM_DELAY) revert Timelock_InvalidDelay();
    admin = admin_;
    delay = delay_;
}

function setFirstAdmin(address admin_) public {
    if (msg.sender != admin) revert Timelock_OnlyAdmin();
    if (initialized) revert Timelock_OnlyOnce();
    initialized = true;
    admin = admin_;
    emit NewAdmin(admin);
}

```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

There are two set of guidelines. 
1. Remove the setFirstAdmin function to eliminate the redundancy and potential confusion. The initial admin should be set exclusively in the constructor.

2. If there's a need to change the admin post-deployment, utilize a transparent and time-locked governance process for admin transitions.
