Helpful Denim Salmon

medium

# Grace Period Potential for Manipulation

## Summary
The **Timelock** contract utilizes a fixed **GRACE_PERIOD** for transaction execution, which may present risks if the network conditions change or in case of unforeseen events, potentially allowing transaction execution outside of intended time frames.
## Vulnerability Detail
The contract defines a **GRACE_PERIOD** as a constant time window during which a queued transaction can be executed. This period does not account for variations in network conditions, block times, or other unforeseen events, potentially allowing transactions to be executed in an outdated context or manipulated time frames.
## Impact
If the network conditions vary or in case of an unforeseen event (e.g., network congestion, changes in block times), the fixed **GRACE_PERIOD** may allow the execution of transactions at times that are not aligned with the governance process or the intentions of the transaction creators. This could lead to disputes, misalignment with governance intentions, or exploitation of the system during times of network instability.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-olympus-on-chain-governance/blob/main/bophades/src/external/governance/Timelock.sol#L52

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-olympus-on-chain-governance/blob/main/bophades/src/external/governance/Timelock.sol#L140-L147
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider implementing a more dynamic or adjustable GRACE_PERIOD that can respond to network conditions or introducing a mechanism to renew or validate the relevance of a transaction before execution if it's close to the end of its grace period. This ensures that transactions are executed within a contextually relevant timeframe and reduces the risks associated with fixed time windows.

Code Snippet for Fix:

```solidity
// Allow the grace period to be updated within a reasonable range
function setGracePeriod(uint256 newGracePeriod) public {
    if (msg.sender != address(this)) revert Timelock_OnlyInternalCall();
    require(newGracePeriod >= MIN_GRACE_PERIOD && newGracePeriod <= MAX_GRACE_PERIOD, "Timelock: Invalid grace period");
    GRACE_PERIOD = newGracePeriod;

    emit NewGracePeriod(GRACE_PERIOD);
}

function executeTransaction(
    address target,
    uint256 value,
    string memory signature,
    bytes memory data,
    uint256 eta
) public payable returns (bytes memory) {
    ...
    if (block.timestamp > eta + GRACE_PERIOD) revert Timelock_InvalidTx_Stale();
    ...
    // Additional logic to validate the transaction's relevance
    ...
}
```
By allowing adjustments to the **GRACE_PERIOD** and implementing additional validation mechanisms, the contract can ensure that transactions are executed within a contextually appropriate and safe timeframe, enhancing the robustness and reliability of the **timelock** mechanism.