Main Pebble Quail

medium

# Updating the admin state variable in Timelock contract with account other than governorBravoDelegator address will block queue processing functions.

## Summary
setPendingAdmin() function can be called by Timelock contract only. Hence, to make this call, it has to be a proposal transaction
submitted. Once the transaction is executed, the pendingAdmin state variable will be updated with the new value.

calling acceptAdmin() will update the admin. if the **new admin** not same as **governorBravoDelegator**, timelock contract will stop
processing queue/cancel/execute proposal transactions.

## Vulnerability Detail
admin state variable should be same as msg.sender for transaction calls for processing the transactions. As there is a possibility to submit  different account address for admin value from governorBravoDelegator contract address, it will conflict with the queue processing and will stop functioning.

## Impact
queued transaction will not be processed.

## Code Snippet
new admin in pending state
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-olympus-on-chain-governance/blob/main/bophades/src/external/governance/Timelock.sol#L101-L105

Accepting pending admin as new admin, if different from **governorBravoDelegator** will block the queue processing.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-olympus-on-chain-governance/blob/main/bophades/src/external/governance/Timelock.sol#L93-L99

Queue processing functions checks for **msg.sender != admin**. Changing the admin to different value will make all the queue processing functions to revert.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-olympus-on-chain-governance/blob/main/bophades/src/external/governance/Timelock.sol#L108-L116

cancel will also stop working if admin is different from governorBravoDelegator
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-olympus-on-chain-governance/blob/main/bophades/src/external/governance/Timelock.sol#L125-L133

execute will also stop working if admin is different from governorBravoDelegator
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-olympus-on-chain-governance/blob/main/bophades/src/external/governance/Timelock.sol#L140-L148

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is not clear as to when the admin needs to be updated. If so, can it be restricted to governorBravoDelegator address only.
