Main Pebble Quail

high

# GovernorBravoDelegator::_setImplementation() will break the function of the GovernorBravoDelegator[proxy] contract

## Summary
When the implementation contract is replaced with a new one, the state variables in the new implementation contract will not be initialized as GovernorBravoDelegate::initialize() function will not be called. 

As of current implementation, updating the implementation contract with new one will break the functioning of protocol as the state of the new implementation will point to a new data storage for proposal queuing and managing proposal. This will happen because, proxy does not have knowledge about state variables related to proposal queuing.

**Storage layout differences:**
check the storage layout differences between proxy and implementation contracts. Marked in green is proxy storage layout and purple is implementation storage layout.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Fti39XH2K1aaCOGMVhId1QNIUTqvZdXv/view

## Vulnerability Detail
In the initial deployment, the GovernorBravoDelegator[proxy] contract's constructor ensure that the initialize() function on the implementation contract is called and all the key variables are setup.

But, when the new implementation is rolled out by proxy, the initialize() function is not called and hence nothing will work as none of the below state variables are set in the newly deployed implementation contract.

As such, the proxy will be broken.

```solidity
        timelock = ITimelock(timelock_);
        gohm = IgOHM(gohm_);
        kernel = kernel_;

        // Configure voting parameters
        vetoGuardian = msg.sender;
        votingDelay = votingDelay_;
        votingPeriod = votingPeriod_;
        proposalThreshold = proposalThreshold_;
        isKeycodeHighRisk[toKeycode(bytes5("TRSRY"))] = true;
        isKeycodeHighRisk[toKeycode(bytes5("MINTR"))] = true;
```

## Impact
Proxy will be broken and will not serve the calls

## Code Snippet
Refer to the _setImplementation() function call. 
This call does not initialise the state variables for proposal management and hence all the key values are not set.
example: 
```solidity
        timelock = ITimelock(timelock_);
        gohm = IgOHM(gohm_);
        kernel = kernel_;
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-olympus-on-chain-governance/blob/main/bophades/src/external/governance/GovernorBravoDelegator.sol#L46-L57

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Short route:
In _setImplementation(), force call the initialize() on the new implementation contract similar to how it was done in the constructor.

Recommended:
User proxy patterns from openzepplien to avoid the complexity

