Basic Shamrock Jay

medium

# Lack of check for implementation_ contract existence on GovernorBravoDelegator may lead to unexpected behaviors

## Summary
Ownership of `GovernorBravoDelegator` can be lost and `delegatecall` to unexisting/wrong `GovernorBravoDelegate` implementations may lead to unexpected behavior.

## Vulnerability Detail
- The `GovernorBravoDelegator` contract uses the `delegatecall` proxy pattern. If the implementation contract is incorrectly set or is self-destructed, the contract may not detect failed executions.
- Besides, if an incorrect `implementation_` address and `timelock_` set to `address(0)` are given to `GovernorBravoDelegator` constructor. `_setImplementation` call in the constructor will not revert and the `address(0)` will be assigned to `admin` in the end of constructor. As a result, the ownership will be lost and 

## Impact
- `GovernorBravoDelegator` ownership could be lost forever, extinguishing proxy upgrades.
- Core functionalities, such as: queuing, canceling, vetoing and executing proposals will silently fail, causing confusion to users regarding the status of transactions. As mentioned in Solidity docs, `delegatecall` to nonexistent addresses will return `true`:
> The low-level functions call, delegatecall and staticcall return true as their first return value if the account called is non-existent, as part of the design of the EVM. Account existence must be checked prior to calling if needed.

## Code Snippet
[GovernorBravoDelegator::constructor](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-olympus-on-chain-governance/blob/main/bophades/src/external/governance/GovernorBravoDelegator.sol#L10C1-L38C6)
```solidity
    function testCorrectness_lostGovernorDelegatorOwnershipAddress() public {
        governorBravoDelegator = new GovernorBravoDelegator(
            address(0), // lost GovernorBravoDelegator ownership
            address(gohm),
            address(kernel),
            address(0x1), // address of an unexisting contract for implementation
            21600,
            21600,
            10_000
        );
    }

```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Add a check: `if (timelock_ == address(0)) revert GovernorBravoDelegatorInvalidTimelockAddress();` in the first line of `GovernorBravoDelegator` constructor.
- Implementation a check for `_implementation` contract existence check on constructor and `_setImplementation`.