Cheery Bone Tiger

medium

# No Check if Transaction is Queued in cancelTransaction leads to misleading events and possibly replay attacks

## Summary
The Timelock contract lacks a check to verify if a transaction is currently queued before allowing it to be canceled. This omission can result in misleading events being emitted for transactions that were never queued. Additionally, it may lead to replay attacks, where a legitimate transaction can be unintentionally canceled due to the same transaction parameters being queued again with a new `eta`.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability exists in the `cancelTransaction` function of the Timelock contract. It doesn't include a check to ensure that a transaction is queued before allowing it to be canceled.

## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability includes:

1. Misleading transaction cancellation logs, which can cause confusion and mislead off-chain monitoring systems.
2. The potential for replay attacks, where the same transaction parameters queued with a new `eta` could cancel the original transaction, leading to unintended consequences.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-olympus-on-chain-governance/blob/main/bophades/src/external/governance/Timelock.sol#L125C5-L138C6

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To mitigate this vulnerability and enhance transaction cancellation logic, it is recommended to add the check `if (!queuedTransactions[txHash])` before allowing the cancellation of a transaction. This check ensures that only queued transactions can be canceled, avoiding the emission of misleading events and enhancing clarity. Additionally, it indirectly mitigates the replay attack issue since once a transaction is executed or canceled, its `txHash` cannot be reused to cancel it again.

```solidity
function cancelTransaction(
    address target,
    uint256 value,
    string memory signature,
    bytes memory data,
    uint256 eta
) public {
    if (msg.sender != admin) revert Timelock_OnlyAdmin();

    bytes32 txHash = keccak256(abi.encode(target, value, signature, data, eta));

    // Check if transaction is queued
    if (!queuedTransactions[txHash]) {
        revert("Transaction not queued");
    }

    // Set to false only if it was true
    queuedTransactions[txHash] = false;

    emit CancelTransaction(txHash, target, value, signature, data, eta);
}
```

This modification ensures that only queued transactions can be canceled and provides additional security against unintended transaction cancellations.