Main Pebble Quail

high

# GovernorBravoDelegator::_setImplementation() will result in loss of data stored in previous version of GovernorBravoDelegate instance

## Summary
Delegator's setImplementation() function will basically replace the state level variables for  GovernorBravoDelegate instance with new uninitialised values.That means, all the proposals created/executed or cancelled along with tracking state variables will be lost, basically reset to data type default values.

This will happen because of the difference inheritance hierarchy between **GovernorBravoDelegate[implementation contract ]** and **GovernorBravoDelegator[proxy contract]** contracts. As the base contracts are different and hence the storage layout of GovernorBravoDelegator[proxy contract] has **limited knowledge of state variables in** GovernorBravoDelegate contract.

**Storage layout differences:**
check the storage layout differences between proxy and implementation contracts. Marked in green is proxy storage layout and purple is implementation storage layout.

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Fti39XH2K1aaCOGMVhId1QNIUTqvZdXv/view

## Vulnerability Detail
The design of storage lay out seems to be with the intention that when GovernorBravoDelegate[implementation] contract is updated, the newly deployed contract will operate on its clean proposal queue. The delegator[proxy] contract does not have knowledge of proposal queue due to limited storage layout access leaving the storage and managing details to implementation contract.

GovernorBravoDelegator[Proxy contract] is derived from **GovernorBravoDelegatorStorage** which has only the below state level variables.

```solidity
 address public admin;
 address public pendingAdmin;
 address public implementation;
```
On the other hand, GovernorBravoDelegate[implementation contract ] is derived from **GovernorBravoDelegateStorageV2** which has state variables for proposals and state variables related to manage the proposal queue.

So, when new implementation is replaced, it will be a totally new state in the context of proposal queues. **Old data will be completely lost** as new implementation will have its own separate storage layout[important reason being, proxy has no knowledge of that state]. 

Also, important to note is that, timelock on the other hand will have all the queued transactions, even from the old implementation contracts. As a result any transaction s**ubmitted to timelock and pending execution will never be executed, once the implementation contract is update**.

This looks like a vulnerability in managing the storage then an intended design approach as 

a) state related to proposals is lost every time a new implementation is set, this is not how upgradeability should work
b) the data symmetry between timelock contract and  GovernorBravoDelegate is also broken.

## Impact
Proposal data is lost every time the implementation contract is replaced.

## Code Snippet

GovernorBravoDelegate is derived from GovernorBravoDelegateStorageV2 contract

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-olympus-on-chain-governance/blob/main/bophades/src/external/governance/abstracts/GovernorBravoStorage.sol#L26-L130

The proxy contract does not have any knowledge about the state variables that were inherited into the implementation contract via GovernorBravoDelegateStorageV2 and GovernorBravoDelegateStorageV1.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-olympus-on-chain-governance/blob/main/bophades/src/external/governance/abstracts/GovernorBravoStorage.sol#L26-L129

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The design approach needs to be revisited as the current implementation will discard the proposals data every time the implementation is replaced with a new one. The intention of this design should be revisited as it also breaks the synergy between implementation and timelock contract as well.

